# Ikute
Ikute Best Beauty Products If we trust the success of this article on ingredients to avoid in beauty products, more and more of you are aware of the importance of choosing better what you apply to your skin!  It's all well and good to know which compounds to avoid, but now what we want to know is: which healthy, natural, and safe products to prioritize to take care of us?  Here is you a small list of products that I like and which are 100% natural! It is really not an exhaustive directory; there are plenty of others (and that's good!).  Makeup    1. Burt's Bees  This is an underestimated brand in my opinion, but it consistently finds itself at the top of the pro charts. Not bad for a brand that can be found so easily in pharmacies!  Burt's Bees offers reliable products, free of toxic ingredients (they're not vegan though) and great value for money. Their lipsticks and glosses are on makeup artist's best-of lists all the time!  2. Zorah  It is a Quebec brand whose products are all based on argan oil. The products are organic, fair trade and non-toxic.  Zorah offers face and body treatments too, but I chose to include them in the makeup category for one simple reason: their mascara is great! And my word of mouth, when you make a natural transition at my place, it was the most difficult item to find/replace. They even have two formulas that promote eyelash growth: volumizing and lengthening.  3. Jacynthe House  Another Quebec company whose products are frankly top! They are natural and vegan: in addition, there is a real concern for packaging ... Pressed powders and blush for example, simply come on a plate wrapped in a cardboard envelope, rather than in plastic! Instead, mascara, eyeliner, and lipsticks come in tubes that combine metal and wood. They also offer kits already fully assembled to reproduce signature looks. A favorite!  Facial treatments  4. Arbonne  These products are special since they are not in store, only through a representative who sells them. I admit that I had a slight negative prejudice because of that ... But once I tried them, I was amazed: among the hundreds of products that I have been able to test in my life, they are easily found in my top 3.  Their quality is exceptional, they are vegan and free of parabens, formaldehyde-based preservatives, petroleum derivatives, sulfates, artificial colors, and synthetic fragrances.  5. Origins  This is another of my favorite brands, which offers quality products, based on botanical extracts and free of all the common toxic ingredients. Origins is a pioneer in the field since the brand (and its philosophy) has been around for a really long time, long before worrying about ingredients became “trendy”.  I particularly like their “Zero Oil” line, which works well for oily and acne-prone skin, without drying out.  Body care  6. The Honest Co.  This brand founded by actress Jessica Alba uses products that are organic, non-toxic, and gentle and safe enough to be used on babies.  That said, women of all ages love them too, especially their very complete ounce of bath and body products. We particularly like the bubble bath which exists in 3 natural scents, and even in an unscented version for those who are particularly sensitive! There is also shower gel, body oil, and body lotions which leave the skin feeling very soft.  7. The Green Beaver  This is a Canadian company, with a fairly wide and really interesting range! The Green Beaver offers soaps, body creams, shower gel, deodorant, toothpaste, lip balm, etc.  The brand is also almost the only one to offer Castile soap (a concentrated liquid soap base) that can be used in multiple ways; for the bath, for the hands, for the dishes, or in various DIY products.  Hair  8. PHYTO  It has always been the brand's philosophy: to offer products inspired by nature and gentle on the hair.  We see so much difference when we use this type of product: the scents (all-natural) are divine - that of mallow in particular, which smells exactly like marshmallows! And they make the hair really healthy, manageable, and silky.  I am personally a fan of citron shampoo, formulated for oily hair. It is very effective in balancing the sebum on the scalp and it makes the hair super light!  9. ATTITUDE  What we like about this Canadian company is that we have the impression that it really makes an effort to offer non-toxic products, from the very beginning! Each of their products is free from ALL ingredients considered carcinogenic, among others.  Their line of shampoos and conditioners is super comprehensive, which is quite rare in the natural world. We, therefore, find products like an anti-dandruff shampoo, one for colored hair, one with a more masculine scent, one for pregnant women (the hormonal level during and after pregnancy affects the hair growth cycle), and even a "Zero waste", available in a 2-liter bulk take-out container. 
